NMS-13707: Added docs for Flow Thresholding (#4156)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/telemetryd/protocols/ipfix.adoc

| Fallback value for sampling interval, if value is not included in exported flows.
| none
|===
NOTE: The parameter `maxClockSkew` in your parser definition enables clock skew detection for exporters.
It specifies the maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.
If exceeded, an alarm will be generated for the exporting device.
The default value is 0, so clock skew detection is disabled.

> Furthermore, you can use a parameter `clockSkewEventRate` to rate limit clock skew events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you can use the `clockSkewEventRate` parameter to rate limit clock skew events.
```

=== Configuration and use

.Optional parameters for the IPFIX TCP Parser
[options="header" cols="1,3,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default

| maxClockSkew
| The maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.
| 0

| clockSkewEventRate

> | Used to rate-limit clock skew events in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Rate limits clock skew events, in seconds.
```

| 3600

| dnsLookupsEnabled

> | Used to enable or disable DNS resolution for flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enables or disables DNS resolution for flows.
```

| true

| sequenceNumberPatience
| A value > 1 enables checking for sequence number completeness.

> The value gives the size of the history buffer allowing flows to be processed out of order.

Reviewer: Is it the history buffer allowing flows to be processed out of order, or can someone use the value to allow flows to be processed out of order?

Author: The history buffer allows to process the flows out of order.

| 32

| flowActiveTimeoutFallback
| Fallback value for active flow timeout, if value is not included in exported flows.
| none

| flowInactiveTimeoutFallback
| Fallback value for inactive flow timeout, if value is not included in exported flows.
| none

| flowSamplingIntervalFallback
| Fallback value for sampling interval, if value is not included in exported flows.
| none
|===
NOTE: The parameter `maxClockSkew` in your parser definition enables clock skew detection for exporters.
It specifies the maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.
If exceeded, an alarm will be generated for the exporting device.
The default value is 0, so clock skew detection is disabled.

> Furthermore, you can use a parameter `clockSkewEventRate` to rate limit clock skew events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you can use the `clockSkewEventRate`  parameter to rate limit clock skew events.
```

=== Configuration and use

.Required adapter-specific parameters
[options="header", cols="1,3,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default

| applicationDataCollection

> | Used to enable data-collection of bytesIn/bytesOut based on flow applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enables data-collection of bytesIn/bytesOut based on flow applications.
```

| false

| applicationThresholding

> | Used to enable thresholding based on flow applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enables thresholding based on flow applications.
```

| false
|===

> NOTE: In order the data-collection to work properly you must also define a valid package definition inside your adapter configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For data collection to work properly you must also define a valid package definition inside your adapter configuration.
```
